---
title: "Who gave me a blog?"
layout: post
date: 2021-12-19
---

It's that time very year that I decide I'm going to start blogging 
again, but this year, I see it differently. When I was programming 
this website I made a decision not to build a blogging system into 
it, because every time I started blogging as a hobby in the pat, I 
would get crushed because simply nobody would even bother looking 
at it. But over the past year, I've become much more acquainted 
with Twitter, and every day I use the little platform I have to 
speak out about things I find interesting, from programming, to 
LGBTQ+ issues, to politics.

After a while on Twitter, I realised 
that, to me, it doesn't matter how many people read what you're 
saying, it matters that I said it to begin with. Writing gives me 
great satisfaction, I am a very opinionated person, and writing is 
something passionate and close to my heart. Which leads me to 
this: Twitter is a mess, and it's not a good place for healthy 
communication and discussion. I cannot write what I'd like to 
write on Twitter, just because of how hard it is to write 
extensively, and how easily people get riled up. At least on my 
own site, things are a lot more calm, and I can have honest 
discussions with you guys, more safely.

So here we are, on my brand-new blog. Hopefully in the future I'll 
be writing plenty about things which are on my mind, and if I 
don't, then I may have just forgotten about this place, maybe give 
me a poke about it! I've also built a 'leave a note for me' button, in 
which you guys can send me a comment for me to read, could be 
feedback, or your own opinions, it doesn't matter! But I'll be 
reading every single note you guys push forward to me.

Hope to hear from you in the future, and thanks for reading. Have 
a nice day! Maia.